right now you're looking at highlights
of the team the winners of the 2011
Rugby World Cup they've also won the
rugby championship a total of 12 times
during the competition's 18 year history
and also these gentlemen they have been
named the IRB team of the year six times
since 2005 but guess what it doesn't
stop there the New Zealand All Blacks
rugby team now invading America to
showcase their long list of talents and
they'll be bringing that right over to
Soldier Field to battle the USA Eagles
right now it is my pleasure to welcome
in two members of the New Zealand All
Blacks Ryan Crotty and also Victor Vito
gentlemen glad to have you here
it's been head first in Chicago right
fist on first impressions what do you
think it's pretty big pretty hot pretty
happy warmest in a didya little humid
right now but you're joining gonna get
out a chance to experience the city I
hope nearly full how it will give people
who maybe aren't familiar with the the
All Blacks a little a history of this
team give an explanation of how and why
you guys are so good oh no blacks a New
Zealand's national rugby team basically
what most young kids aspire to be once
they they grow up I know I certainly and
head but--look Manasa as a young kid and
yeah just on the success of the team I
think we got something like a 90%
success rate and I think that's just
comes down to I guess the hard work that
the guys put in and now the legacy that
that has little Beck's so you're
representing a big area of people people
who are just rally behind you what does
it mean for you personally to be wearing
this Jersey to be a part of this team it
personally it's pretty big I mean
everyone was just saying um it's
something that you go up saying as a kid
and not to be feared New Zealand's in
your country all four and a half million
I think it is so you know it's a classic
case of that's where our national
identity comes from because we're
punching well above our weight in terms
of when we play other bigger nations and
to have their success that success in
such a small nation I think you know for
us that's hugely you know gives us a lot
of pride and for us you know that's
probably pretty much where the pressure
comes right from the start you just got
to keep winning because the guys are
there before us never really lost much
so I think that's a big reason as to
whether success is there and so
basically what you're seeing is
humble about it you guys are superstars
over there and got it going on young
guys in shape got the accent someone's
not fair is it Lakes it doesn't work
Macomb obviously but over here beside it
salty bass bass we just laying the
ladies here in the States
okay got that good to know let's talk
about another thing that gets people
excited the the war cry the pregame war
Christ called the haka correct explain
this and how effective is it that's
basically a challenge though position
before the game you challenge them
that's effectively what it was our
ancestors Lamoni
they stood before their tribes is to go
to war it's trouble do a haka and
challenge each other so effectively
that's that's what we're doing the
opposition were challenging them before
the game it's a weak part of our history
and something that gets you pretty
pumped for again clearly effective I'm
being told that uh you guys aren't going
to perform that can I twist some arms
here are the big arms and just maybe
give us a little slice of that a little
flavor a little sound ah yeah I mean I
think you can see it on screen there
right now sidestepping smooth smooth so
you guys basically what you're saying is
you save that for the field yeah it's um
it's a pretty special thing for us you
know it's not just to sort of let the
opposition know different for a
challenge but it's also to sort of for
us to acknowledge our ancestors in to
sort of get us up and ready for the game
because you know we respect the
opposition enough to know that we need
to get up ourselves as well so a lot of
the time already you know the opposition
we already up anyway but it's just
acknowledge our ancestors and to make
sure that um we do their cultural bit um
it's it's justice a little intimidation
I finally you guys are going on a little
whirlwind tour to promote rugby and also
the All Blacks I hear you're going to
the Bears game this weekend here town
what are you looking forward to well
it's just the experience he goes the way
you guys do sport over here is is pretty
awesome to the tailgating to the
pre-match to the hype is that different
from what it's like everything quite a
bit different or is it similar it's just
bigger yeah yeah it's just yeah bigger
and better say we're pretty stoked to be
kind of the gang putting the beers
pretty hardened and you guys gonna be
out on the field pregame correct yeah um
yeah I think we're a few wraps ensemble
well the catch is think run a few route
yeah showing people your talents I think
they got a little combo in for us before
so see how we go maybe teach the Bears a
little haka
baby I'm talking about gentlemen great
to meet you I appreciated continuously
shells like forty guys going to be
playing coming up in November right
taking up USA Eagles yeah alright Ryan
Crotty and a Victor Vito appreciate your
time good luck with everything look
forward to seeing you guys taking that
field and Hawk it up uh